# 🟢 Local Groups

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Local Group Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Administrators</td><td>Members of this group have full control over the system and can perform administrative tasks on the domain or server.</td></tr><tr><td>Users</td><td>Members of this group are regular users who can perform common tasks but do not have administrative privileges.</td></tr><tr><td>Guests</td><td>Members of this group have limited access to the system and are restricted from performing certain actions.</td></tr><tr><td>Power Users</td><td>Members of this group have elevated privileges to perform specific tasks like installing applications or drivers.</td></tr><tr><td>Backup Operators</td><td>Members of this group can perform backup and restore operations on the domain or server.</td></tr><tr><td>Print Operators</td><td>Members of this group can manage printers and related tasks on the domain or server.</td></tr><tr><td>Replicator</td><td>Members of this group facilitate replication of files and directories between domain controllers.</td></tr><tr><td>Remote Desktop Users</td><td>Members of this group can log in remotely to a server or desktop using Remote Desktop Services.</td></tr><tr><td>Network Configuration Operators</td><td>Members of this group can manage network configuration settings on the domain or server.</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Monitor Users</td><td>Members of this group can monitor performance counters on the domain or server.</td></tr></tbody></table>
